CLIP-1615: Rework wording for support-boundaries summary on the main docs page (#440)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/README.md

## Support disclaimer

!!! warning

>     Helm is a Kubernetes package manager, and orchestrates the provisioning of applications onto existing Kubernetes infrastructure. The requirements for this infrastructure are describe in [Prerequisites](../userguide/PREREQUISITES.md). The Kubernetes cluster remains your responsibility; we do not provide direct support for Kubernetes or the underlying hardware it runs on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Helm is a Kubernetes package manager that orchestrates the provisioning of applications onto existing Kubernetes infrastructure. The requirements for this infrastructure are described in [Prerequisites](../userguide/PREREQUISITES.md). The Kubernetes cluster remains your responsibility; we do not provide direct support for Kubernetes or the underlying hardware it runs on.
```

>     If you have followed our documentation on how to configure the Helm charts, and you're using correctly created components, we will then provide support if you encounter an error with installation post `helm install`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have followed our documentation on how to configure the Helm charts, and you're using correctly created components, we will then provide support if you encounter an error with installation after running the `helm install` command. 
```
